Add new Bechmark IA (#5022)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/installing-benchmark.md

See [Configuring OpenSearch Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/configuring-benchmark/) to learn more about the files and subdirectories located in `/opensearch-benchmark/.benchmark`.

## Provisioning an OpenSearch cluster with a test

> OSB is compatible with JDK versions 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, and 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Benchmark is compatible with JDK versions 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, and 8.
```

{: .note}

If you installed OpenSearch with PyPi, you can also provision a new OpenSearch cluster by specifying a `distribution-version` in the `execute-test` command.

If you plan on having OSB provision a cluster, you'll need to inform OSB where the `JAVA_HOME` path for the OSB cluster will be. To set the `JAVA_HOME` path and provision a cluster:

1. Find the `JAVA_HOME` path you're currently using. Open a terminal and enter `/usr/libexec/java_home`.

2. Set your corresponding JDK version environment variable by entering the path from the previous step. Enter `export JAVA17_HOME=<Java Path>`.

> 3. Run the `execute-test` command and indicate the distribution version of OpenSearch you want to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the `execute-test` command and indicate the distribution version of OpenSearch you want to use: 
```

```
# ~/.benchmark Tree
.
├── benchmark.ini
├── benchmarks
│   ├── data
│   │   └── geonames
│   ├── distributions
│   │   ├── opensearch-1.0.0-linux-x64.tar.gz
│   │   └── opensearch-2.3.0-linux-x64.tar.gz
│   ├── test_executions
│   │   ├── 0279b13b-1e54-49c7-b1a7-cde0b303a797
│   │   └── 0279c542-a856-4e88-9cc8-04306378cd38
│   └── workloads
│       └── default
│           └── geonames
├── logging.json
├── logs
│   └── benchmark.log
```

* `benchmark.ini`: Contains any adjustable configurations for tests. For information about how to configure OpenSearch Benchmark, see [Configuring OpenSearch Benchmark]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/benchmark/configuring-benchmark/).
* `data`: Contains all the data corpora and documents related to OpenSearch Benchmark's [official workloads](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-benchmark-workloads/tree/main/geonames).
* `distributions`: Contains all the OpenSearch distributions downloaded from [OpenSearch.org](http://opensearch.org/) and used to provision clusters.

> * `test_executions`: Contains all the test `execution_id`s from previous runs of OpenSearch Benchmark

Reviewer 2: end with period.

> * `test_executions`: Contains all the test `execution_id`s from previous runs of OpenSearch Benchmark

Author: ```suggestion
* `test_executions`: Contains all the test `execution_id`s from previous runs of OpenSearch Benchmark.
```

> * `workloads`: Contains all files related to workloads except for the data corpora.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `workloads`: Contains all files related to workloads, except for the data corpora.
```

> * `logging.json`: Contains all the configuration option related to how logging is done within OpenSearch Benchmark

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `logging.json`: Contains all of the configuration options related to how logging is done within OpenSearch Benchmark.
```

> * `logging.json`: Contains all of the configuration options related to how logging is done within OpenSearch Benchmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logging.json`: Contains all of the configuration options related to how logging is performed within OpenSearch Benchmark.
```

> * `logs`: Contains all the logs from OpenSearch Benchmark runs. This is helpful for when you've encountered errors during runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `logs`: Contains all the logs from OpenSearch Benchmark runs. This can be helpful when you've encountered errors during runs.
```
